In this video we'll cover the steps
for setting up our dev environment.
In terms of angular development tools
to write angular code you can use any text editor or IDE.
Most angular developers use the TypeScript language
for their coding.
It's just a superset of JavaScript.
It's a strongly-typed language with compile time checking
and IDE support.
I'll talk more about typescript in upcoming videos.
We'll also make use of some command-line tools
to compile code and create Angular apps.
Okay so visual studio code.
It's a free IDE
that supports multiple programming languages.
It has built in support for TypeScript
and also the IDE has really cool features
such as IntelliSense, Debugging, et cetera.
You can get more details on Video Studio Code
at code.visualstudio.com.
It's a free tool from Microsoft.
Alrighty, so in terms of command line tools
you can make use of the node tool
for running JavaScript code from the command line.
You can also use the npm tool, the Node Package Manager
for downloading new node packages and features.
It's loosely similar to Maven
and there's also the tsc tool
which is the TypeScript Compiler.
This is used for compiling TypeScript code.
Now as far as installing these tools
like Visual Studio Code, node, npm, tsc,
I have some step by step instructions
for each operating system.
So I have instructions for Windows, Mac, and also Linux.
So you can view the instructions at the following link,
www.love2code.com/angular-install-guides.
So these are text guides that'll simply walk you through
step by step on how to get everything set up
and installed on your computer.
All right, so go ahead and do this now.
So visit the link and actually go through and install
everything on your computer.
In the following videos I'll assume
that you've already done the work
and you already have the tools themselves.
So go ahead and follow the guides
and get everything up and running on your computer.
Alrighty.